Now let's implement the BFS function.
So let's write some pseudocode first.
So we need a queue,
we want to keep track of the visit order.
We want to start at the root node.
Add root to queue.
Then while queue is not empty, what do we do?
We're going to dequeue the node,
we're going to visit that node,
add left child if exists,
and also add the right child if exists.
Then at the end, we also want to return the visit order.
So let's see how we write this out.
Let's create a queue, let's define visit order as a list,
and let's start at the root.
So tree.get_root, and then we're going to add it to the queue.
So we go q.enq.
Then while it's not empty.
So while the length of q is greater than 0.
Let's dequeue it.
So node equals q.deq. We're going to visit it.
So visit_order.append node.
So we visited that node.
Then add a left child if it exists.
So if node.has_left_child, then we're going to
add it to the queue in q node.get_left_child.
Similarly, if node.has_right_child, we're going to add it to the queue.
Then once we're all done with the loop,
then we're going to return the visit order.
So let's see if this works.
So we want it to be visiting apple, banana, cherry, dates.
So we see apple, banana, cherry, dates. Nice.